#### What is an App in Shopify

- Similar to smartphone apss, to increase its capabilities.
- there is app for everything in shopify.
- you can install apps by clicking **apps** within shopify dashboard, then navigate to **Store** . 

#### Different Apps to organise your store.

**Health CHeckers** 
- Focuses on the *Health of your store*.
- Includes apps that ensure the store **loads fast**, has **good backup**, and **can be found by search engines**.
- These apps help ensure your store is **functioning as expected**

**Productivity Boosters**
- Aims to help users **work as efficiently as possible**
- These apps can assist with aspects like **order fulfillment**, **loading products**, and **tracking products after shipment**

**Customer Service**
- Features apps at different levels to **quickly improve customer service**

**On the Product Page**
- Focuses on apps used directly on the product page.
- Goal is to **get people to convert** and add items to their cart.

**Checkout**
- overs apps used **after a customer has reached checkout**.
- Aims to **"push them over the finish line"** to complete their purchase and part with their cash.
- Includes **"ingenious apps"** for making final purchases.

**Retargeting**
- Deals with **bringing people back to your store after they've left without purchasing**
- **Retargeting is a "massive area"**
- Apps in this section allow for **efficient retargeting**

**Important Consideration for Apps**
- Apps are not Silver Bullet.
- Pricing (Taking all suggested app could result in a substantial monthly fee).
